Add steps to create and configure a versioned S3 bucket (#1049)
coreos/fedora-coreos-pipeline: HACKING.md

S3 storage.  See the [upstream coreos-assembler docs](https://github.com/coreos/coreos-assembler/blob/main/README-design.md)
around build architecture.

> If you need to set up versioning and lifecycle management for the bucket, refer to [s3 bucket versioning doc](https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-pipeline/blob/main/docs/s3-bucket-versioning.md) for detailed steps. For FCOS builds, we’ll apply a lifecycle policy of 14 days to manage old versions efficiently.

Reviewer: minor improvement:

```suggestion
If you need to set up versioning and lifecycle management for the bucket, refer to [s3 bucket versioning doc](https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-pipeline/blob/main/docs/s3-bucket-versioning.md) for detailed steps. For FCOS production builds using the `fcos-builds` bucket we apply a lifecycle policy of 14 days to manage old versions efficiently.
```

> 

Reviewer: should we update the `aws s3 mb` example below to use the new API? `aws s3api` ?

Author: Obviously, the existing command should work but I am happy to update to new API in another commit.

Reviewer: nvm - don't worry about this

Author: Hah, added the changes. Lmk they seem worth the change :eyes:
